Hey guys welcome back to the course.
OK.
Last Lecture we covered the big league tricks you can create a random link in about 45 seconds and you
can create a custom link bitterly in about 60 seconds or you can spend maybe an hour and a half in about
15 blocks to create a custom branded domain link which of the three you pick is entirely up to you.
But at the end of the day these links still will always look different so to speak to some people and
in a certain point you might not be able to rely on this trick as heavily.
When we get to things like email marketing or other more advanced long term strategies it'll just start
to look tacky or kind of just wrong.
It looks weird for instance to say hey I can link you direct to the product page I'm talking about here
it is Diddley slash product page for this guy.
Yeah.
It's just not as professional.
But there are two more things you can do and these For the most part look a little bit better.
The first thing you can do is add a tag to your real link.
So if I wanted to you say track inbound clicks from this course to my web site I'd say go to browse
dot com slash question mark R E F equals 1 2 3.
How exactly does that work.
Well a surprising amount of people don't know this but web browsers just instinctively know.
I've known this since they were born that whenever you go to you are out and I have a question mark
to ignore whatever comes after that question.
Yes when you're on tries to send you a link to a terrible Christmas gift idea from Amazon.
That full paragraph abomination of a link is what I'm talking about.
Every little word or number after that question mark is all for tracking and doesn't actually do anything
for you.
So you can actually just strip it while on the other hand we ourselves can crudely add them as well.
The general style you most commonly see is to put what I said before which is R-E equals just because
it's easier to understand and people are more used to seeing it when they then look at their Google
Analytics page you can see that some people went to an Kimberle dot com and some people went to get
another com questionmark more EF 1 2 3 and that's how you know who came from what its where they went
to.
Now obviously the best time to use this link is when you know you can submit a clickable blue link.
You know those ones you click and you go there as opposed to copying and pasting and put it in your
you rollbar if they have to do that copy and paste it still might work but it just it's a little bit
trickier because they have more time to actually look at it and go oh that looks weird.
But when it's a clickable link people don't think they just click it.
Now some of you are probably asking ever known as the most ultimate the most discreet the most amazing
way of hiding your links.
Well I'm here to service you.
Drumroll.
The best way to actually do it is actually by using HDMI to mask link instead.
You know when you click that blue link that just says here but there's a website called here and you
click it it takes you to a Web site.
That's actually what I'm talking about the way you do this is actually pretty simple.
But of course it's only going to work in areas or places that you can use HVM amount.
So emails and forums are generally good.
Twitter not so much but of course they already do the tracking for you to do this you just have to type
the simplest e-mail tag known to man aligator bracket a space H R E F equals quotation marks and inside
the quotation marks you put the actual link.
You want them to go to close aligator bracket.
Then you type in whatever you want to display as the link and then you close it off by two aligator
brackets with the backslash and in a way you don't need to understand each time Malad understand how
what I just said works.
But basically it just uses normal taxed and then wraps it in a link script.
So when you click it it'll go to the link inside of the alligator brackets that are on the left and
the user will only see the text that's in between the two sets of brackets in order to do this check
and see if the place you're posting allows rich text.
Generally a dead giveaway is if they allow you to put images you might see a button up at the top that
has those little alligator brackets.
And you probably see that near the other text formatting buttons.
If that's the case you're in business now in an e-mail.
You can also do this but you have to make sure that whatever system you're using whether it's you know
Gmail or Apple or whatever has it's age TMLC settings turned on if you can't tell whether or not something
will accept HDMI.
I suggest just trying to type it in a lot of times it will recognize it and then post it correctly.
And worst case scenario it doesn't.
And then you can usually just delete or edit your comment.
OK so those other four strategies you can use to get more data about your links and see what's working.
You can use link wrappers and shorters you can use custom branded domains you can add link tags but
putting them after the question mark in your link or you can create a hyperlink with each team and just
flat out hide the link you're sending him to.
You are now a link master.
I'll see you in the next AUCTOR.